# Public Source Licence

You can freely report any issues and ask for any additions or clarifications.

**Make sure that you include [this file](./LICENSE) in your project, preferably with the same filename. It is highly recommended to include the file in the root folder of your project, so that it is easy for the public to access.**

The following is the summary of the latest version of this licence, that you may include in the beginning of your source files. It is optional, but recommended for large projects.

## License

```
<PROJECT> : Copyright <LICENSING YEAR> - <CURRENT YEAR> : <AUTHOR(S)>

PUBLIC SOURCE LICENCE - 1.0

This project is licensed under the Public Source Licence 1.0

- You are allowed to obtain and view the source material of
  this project, free of cost.

- You are allowed to distribute the source of this project
  without any modifications, free of cost. This licence
  should be provided along with the source of the project.
  You are NOT allowed to sell the source of this project.
  You are NOT allowed to sell or distribute the resultant
  product under any circumstances.

- You are allowed to use this project in your own projects.
  If this is a library project, or if the resultant product
  of this project is linked to your project: You are required
  to use the same Licence for your project ONLY IF your
  project exposes functionality of this project in any manner.
  If your project merely makes use of this project, without
  exposing functionality, you are free to choose any licence
  for your project.

- You are allowed to perform modifications for PRIVATE use.
  Any modifications you make, either in the source or the
  resultant product (binary) should NOT be distributed. Even
  if it is meant for private use, any modifications made
  is recommended to be noted within the source and possibly
  the resultant product of the modified project.

- You are NOT allowed to use the name, branding and identity
  of this project to identify or brand any other project.
  You ARE however allowed to use the name and branding to
  show the source of the contents/code/logic of any other
  project. You are not allowed to use the identification of
  the Authors of this project to associate them to other
  projects, in a way that is deceiving or misleading or gives
  out false information.

- The terms of this licence applies only to versions of the
  project that are explicitly licensed under it. This licence
  does not control or restrict the licensing of future
  versions of the project, unless those versions are also
  licensed under this licence. The author is free to change
  the licence in future versions.

Unless required by applicable law, this project is provided
"AS IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OR PROMISES OF ANY KIND,
either expressed or implied. The author(s) of this project is
not liable for any harms, errors or troubles caused by using
the source or the product, unless implied by law. By using
this project, or part of it, you are acknowledging the
complete terms and conditions of licensing of this project as
specified in Public Source Licence 1.0 available at this URL:

https://github.com/aldrinmathew/PublicSource/

This project may contain parts that are not licensed under the
same terms. If so, it is recommended that the licences of those
parts are appropriately included. Such relevant files or parts
may be mentioned in the following section named EXCEPTIONS. It
is recommended, but not compulsory.

--------- EXCEPTIONS ---------

This project does not explicitly mention any files/materials
are licensed differently. You can assess the source code to
find parts that could be licensed differently.

```

## Philosophy

The real world interpretation of open source is flawed, as it
is often meant to be "Free and Open Source" instead of just
"Open Source". And because of that, this licence is not
compatible with the definition of Open Source by the Open
Source Initiative (OSI). Instead this licence follows the true
meaning of "open" source, allowing the source to be viewed and
distributed by the public free of cost. However, advertising
that this licence promotes "open" source can lead to ambiguity
and confusion as there is another interpretation of the
concept known to the public.

